## Specification

In FreeEIS, any function should be implemented as a separate module, and these independent modules can usually run independently, and module developers can develop and debug by themselves, without relying on other parts. The person responsible for integration only needs to associate each functional module into a unified integration environment, configure each functional module as needed, and run the entire system.

However, FreeEIS also implements module-to-module extension to meet the needs of "module plug-ins", in which case newly developed "plug-in" modules need to be carried out in the presence of the extended module. In this case, the module cannot really be completely independently developed and run, but considering that the new module is an extension of an existing module, and the two modules can be considered as a whole, we can still say that it is independently developed and run.

This is the first core idea of FreeEIS development.

## Prerequisites

The FreeEIS front-end is based on the Quasar Framework, so you need to have some understanding of the Quasar Framework, which is a VUE-based front-end framework that includes features such as component libraries and cross-platform support, so you also need to have a deeper understanding of VUE. In the current version, we use Quasar Framework 2.x, which is based on VUE3.x.

In order to develop applications with FreeEIS, you may also need to know a few things about Webpack and NodeJS itself. But because both VUE and the Quasar Framework are wrapped further, you don't need to be aware of their existence in general.
