## Scaffolding

FreeEIS front-end development began with FreeEIS scaffolding engineering. FreeEIS front-end scaffolding project is based on the scaffolding project of Quasar Framework, but the FreeEIS kernel module is embedded, and then the loading and running of the FreeEIS module is realized.

Scaffolding engineering as the basis of module development, but also the basis of system integration, the operation of any module needs to be completed through scaffolding engineering.

### Run

```sh
# Install front-end scaffolding
$ git clone https://github.com/freeeis/free-fe-starter-kit.git fe

# Install dependent packages
$ cd fe
$ yarn install

# Run
$ yarn start
```

At this point, you can view the system page through `http://localhost:8080`, but please note the terminal output, other ports such as 8081 may be used when port 8080 is already occupied.

It should also be noted that in the scaffolding, some built-in modules are added by default, and some built-in modules need the support of the corresponding back-end modules, and due to some historical reasons, there is not enough Mock information when these built-in modules are developed, so running the front-end scaffolding alone may report errors when calling some interfaces. We will gradually add mock content so that these built-in modules can also run off the backend. Later chapters will explain in detail how to disable built-in modules to create your own modules from a more "clean" environment before starting with the actual development content.

### Directory structure

The FreeEIS scaffolding directory structure is as follows:

```
--- app
   -- ...
   -- public
   -- src
      App.vue
      Error404.vue
      -- boot
      -- config
          -- config.default.js
          -- config.development.js
          -- config.production.js
          -- config.test.js
          index.js
      -- css
          app.scss
          quasar.variables.scss
      -- modules
      -- router
      -- stores
      -- utils
      ...
  ...

```


In this directory structure, there are many definitions of the Quasar Framework, please refer to [Official Documentation] (https://quasar.dev), we will only cover the parts that are directly relevant when developing FreeEIS applications:
- `public`, this directory is a static resource directory, image icons or other static resources are placed here, the contents of this directory will be copied directly to the output directory after compilation. But based on our development specifications, we should try to avoid using globally common resources and instead place them in each module, but we can still do this in some special cases.
- `src`, which is the directory where the development code is stored.
  - `App.vue`, which is the entry vue file and usually does not need to be modified.
  - `Error404.vue`, which is the page displayed when the specified page is not found to report 404.
  - `boot`, this is where the boot file of the Quasar Framework is stored, see Quasar Framework for details on boot files. We added the necessary documentation to support the launch of FreeEIS.
  - `config`, the configuration file storage location, used to configure the global configuration information in different operating environments in FreeEIS, and can also be used to override the default configuration of each module to achieve the goal of customizing the use of modules. By default we put in configuration files for three environments, development, test, and production, but you can extend it according to your needs.
    - `config.default.js`, the default configuration, configuration information common to all environments, or default configuration information. will be overwritten (or expanded) by the configuration information for the specific runtime environment below.
    - `config.development.js`, configuration information in the development environment.
    - `config.production.js`, configuration information in the production environment.
    - `config.test.js`, configuration information in the test environment.
    - `index.js`, configuration information entry, this file automatically loads the configuration files of all configuration environments in the current directory, and uses the corresponding configuration according to the current running environment.
  - `css`, where the global style file is saved. We recommend using FreeEIS's style skin module while minimizing defining global styles here. But for obvious reasons, we keep the functionality here. The style skin module is a special type of module that specifically defines different style skins, which will be introduced in detail later.
    - `app.scss`, global style entry.
    - `quasar.variables.scss`, a global style variable definition file, which allows global style variables to standardize the design of module styles as a whole.
  - `modules`, the FreeEIS module storage directory, modules can be saved directly in this directory, or referenced using functions such as git submodule.
  - `router`, the routing portal.
  - `stores`, state management entry, we use Pinia in the current version.
  - `utils`, the directory where global tools methods are stored. We do not recommend using global tools, because that will result in some modules not being developed independently and will have to rely on the project that owns the tool, but extracting utilities is necessary in some special cases, so we have retained this ability.


### Things that can be done

When the scaffolding project is successfully run, we can already start the actual development work, and we can do these things:

- Add global static resources in the `public` directory.
 - Modify the configuration information of the corresponding environment in the `config` directory as needed.
 - Add new functional modules in the `modules` directory.
 - Modify global styles in the `css` directory.
 - Add global tools in the `utils` directory.

However, these tasks do not necessarily need to be done in the usual development process, and when we consider the different developer roles, we can split them as follows:

#### Module developer

Module developers typically only need to:

- Add new functional modules in the `modules` directory.

#### System integrators

System integrators typically need to:

- Modify the configuration information of the corresponding environment in the `config` directory as needed.
 - Introduce the required functional modules in the `modules` directory.

We will introduce each of them in detail.

