
## System integration

System integration developers have different goals than module developers, and they need to integrate the functional modules together as needed so that they can work together.

Functional modules can be introduced in three ways:

- Publicly available modules can be added to package.json via `yarn add`.
 - Private modules can directly place modules in the `modules` directory.
 - Modules developed by remote developers that are placed in a separate code base can be added to the `modules` directory via `git submodule`.

For example, we added three modules:

- Free-fe-core-modules, modules that have been publicly released.
 - my-first-module, a module that we developed ourselves directly into the modules directory.
 - my-second-module, a module developed by another developer in a separate repository.

With the introduction of these three modules, the directory structure of our integration project is as follows:

```
-- app
  -- node_modules
    -- free-fe-core-modules, added via `yarn add free-fe-core-modules`. (Added in scaffolding)
  -- src
    -- modules
      -- my-first-module, which is a local directory where the module code is located.
      -- my-second-module, which is a remote library added via `git submodule`.
```

### Enable the required modules

The introduced modules will not be loaded and run by default, if you need to load and run them, you need to add them to the modules of config, and the modules added in the three ways mentioned above are all started in the same way. Like this:

```javascript
// config/config.development.js

export default {
  modules: [
    'core-modules',
    'my-first-module',
    'my-second-module',
  ],

  'my-first-module': {
    greetingTo: '中国'
  },
};

```

Here you may notice that we added a module called `core-modules` because modules with names starting with `free-fe-` can omit this prefix when introduced. But we don't recommend that you use such naming methods because they are reserved for built-in modules.

### Encapsulate the module

Earlier we mentioned the encapsulated module, which is a special kind of module. To say that he is special means that in addition to all the functions and features of a normal module, he also uses a special feature `reference route` to rearrange all the routes that need to be exposed. Let's give examples to illustrate how to use it.

Let's make a copy of `my-first-module` and change the name to `my-second-module`, and change the `helloWorld` page in `my-second-module` to:

```vue
<!-- modules/my-second-module/view/helloWorld.vue -->

<template>
  <div class="absolute-center text-h3">
    hello from second module
  </div>
</template>

<script>
import { defineComponent } from 'vue';

export default defineComponent({
  name: 'SecondHelloWorldPage',
})
</script>

```

And change the routing path in `routers` in `my-second-module` to `/second`:


```javascript
// modules/my-second-module/routers/index.js

export default [
  {
    path: '/second',
    component: () => import('../view/helloWorld.vue'),
  }
];

```

At this point, we can visit `http://localhost:8080` and `http://localhost:8080/#/second` respectively through the browser to see the two pages in `my-first-module` and `my-second-module` respectively.

However, we most likely don't want the routing path for both pages to look like this, but instead need to follow the overall plan of our more complex system. For example, we need to use `/hello/first` and `/hello/second` paths to access these two pages. Let's create a new module, called `wrapper`, with the following directory structure:

```
--- app
  -- src
    -- modules
      -- wrapper
        -- index.js
```

其中：

```javascript
// modules/wrapper/index.js

export default {
  config: {
    dependencies: [
      'core-modules',
      'my-first-module',
      'my-second-module',
    ],
  },
  routers: [
    {
      ref: 'my-first-module>firstHello',
      path: '/hello/first',
    },
    {
      ref: 'my-second-module>secondHello',
      path: '/hello/second',
    },
  ],
}

```
Here, we define `routers` in `wrapper` and apply routes from other modules by using definitions of the form `ref: [module name]> [route name]`, referencing the route is equivalent to copying the corresponding routing configuration of the referenced module here, but we can override the value in the referenced module by redefining a property like `path`.

Note that here we added the `dependencies` list to let FreeEIS know that the `wrapper` module depends on these three modules so that they can be loaded before the `wrapper` module.

At this point, you will go to the browser and you will see an error because the `firstHello` and `secondHello` routes cannot be found from the two referenced modules based on the route name. Let's go back to the route definitions of the two referenced modules, modify them to the following form, and add the `name` definition:

```javascript
// modules/my-first-module/routers/index.js

export default [
  {
    path: '/',
    name: 'firstHello',
    component: () => import('../view/helloWorld.vue'),
  }
];

```

```javascript
// modules/my-second-module/routers/index.js

export default [
  {
    path: '/second',
    name: 'secondHello',
    component: () => import('../view/helloWorld.vue'),
  }
];

```
Also, modify the modules enabled in `config.development.js` as follows:

```javascript
// config/config.development.js

export default {
  modules: [
    'wrapper',
  ],

  'my-first-module': {
    greetingTo: '中国'
  },
};

```

Here we tell FreeEIS to load only one module, `wrapper`, because we want the system not to load all the incoming modules directly, but to load them selectively in a more controlled way. The advantage of this is that when we have some routes in some modules that do not need to be exposed, we can not reference them in the route definition of `wrapper`, and we tell FreeEIS to load only the `wrapper` module, so that the system will only load according to the configuration in `wrapper`.

For example, let's add a new page to `my-second-module`:


```javascript
// modules/my-second-module/routers/index.js

export default [
  {
    path: '/second',
    name: 'secondHello',
    component: () => import('../view/helloWorld.vue'),
  },
  {
    path: '/third',
    name: 'thirdHello',
    component: () => import('../view/helloWorld.vue'),
  },
];

```

If we add `my-second-module` directly to the `modules` list of `config.development.js`, we can access the newly defined page by visiting `/third`, but after we only add `wrapper` to `modules` in `config.development.js`, we can't access the page because it's not there in `wrapper`'s route definition.

In addition, it should be noted that in order to reference the routes of other modules, we need to add the `name` attribute to the referenced routes to distinguish between different route definitions, which should be a default good practice, because module developers develop modules that are intended for use by system integrators or other developers.

