## Scaffolding

FreeEIS back-end development began with FreeEIS scaffolding works. Scaffolding engineering as the basis of module development, but also the basis of system integration, the operation of any module needs to be completed through scaffolding engineering.

### run

```sh
# Install back-end scaffolding
$ git clone https://github.com/freeeis/free-be-starter-kit.git be

# Install dependent packages
$ cd be
$ yarn install

# Run
$ yarn start
```

At this point, you can access the interface `http://localhost:8000/api/nothing` through the browser and you will get the return result `{"data":{},"msg":"OK"}`, indicating that your back-end scaffolding has been successfully run.

It should also be noted that in the scaffolding, some built-in modules are added by default, and there will be detailed instructions on how to disable built-in modules before starting the actual development content in later chapters to create your own modules from a more "clean" environment.

### Directory structure

The FreeEIS scaffolding directory structure is as follows:

```
---.app
  --.bin
  -- config
    -- config.default.js
    -- config.development.js
    -- config.production.js
    -- config.test.js
  -- modules
  -- test
  -- utils
  -- app.js
  -- global.js

```

In this directory structure:
  - `bin`, FreeEIS runs the entry point for different environments.
  - `config`, the configuration file storage location, used to configure the global configuration information in different operating environments in FreeEIS, and can also be used to override the default configuration of each module to achieve the goal of customizing the use of modules. By default we put in configuration files for three environments, development, test, and production, but you can extend it according to your needs.
    - `config.default.js`, the default configuration, configuration information common to all environments, or default configuration information. will be overwritten (or expanded) by the configuration information for the specific runtime environment below.
    - `config.development.js`, configuration information in the development environment.
    - `config.production.js`, configuration information in the production environment.
    - `config.test.js`, configuration information in the test environment.
  - `modules`, the FreeEIS module storage directory, modules can be saved directly in this directory, or referenced using functions such as git submodule.
  - `test`, the test code directory.
  - `utils`, the directory where global tools methods are stored. We do not recommend using global tools, because that will result in some modules not being developed independently and will have to rely on the project that owns the tool, but extracting utilities is necessary in some special cases, so we have retained this ability.
  - `app.js`, the code entry, calls the FreeEIS kernel module and loads and runs other modules as needed.
  - `global.js`, the global key storage file, this file saves confidential information such as keys required by each module in the system, and should not be uploaded to the code repository!! When deploying, you should secure confidential information by manually writing to the server, for example.

### Things that can be done

When the scaffolding project is successfully run, we can already start the actual development work, and we can do these things:

- Modify the configuration information of the corresponding environment in the `config` directory as needed.
 - Add new functional modules in the `modules` directory.
 - Add global tools in the `utils` directory.

However, these tasks do not necessarily need to be done in the usual development process, and when we consider the different developer roles, we can split them as follows:

#### Module developer

Module developers typically only need to:

- Add new functional modules in the `modules` directory.

#### System integrators

System integrators typically need to:

- Modify the configuration information of the corresponding environment in the `config` directory as needed.
 - Introduce the required functional modules in the `modules` directory.

We will introduce each of them in detail.

