## Module development

### Modify the startup module

As mentioned earlier, module developers may need to disable built-in modules to get a "clean" environment to create their own modules. To disable built-in modules, or modify modules that need to be started, you can do so by modifying `config/config.development.js`, as follows:

```javascript
export default {
  modules: [
    // {
         name: 'db',
         path: 'free-be-mongodb',
    // },
     'account',
     'core-modules',
     'demo',
  ],
  ...
};

```

The `modules` here is the list of modules that need to be started, and the scaffolding starts the `mongoDB`, `account`, `core-modules`, `demo` modules by default, and here we remove them from the `modules` list to disable them. The reference to the database module here is in the form of an object, and the use of this method will be described in more detail later.


### Create the module

Next we create a new module and add a subdirectory `my-first-module` to the `modules` directory, with the following directory structure:

```
-- src
  -- modules
    -- my-first-module
      -- index.js
      -- routers
        -- index.js
        -- route.js
```

where `index.js` is the entry file for our new module, which contains the following:

```javascript
 my-first-module/index.js
module.exports = {};
```

The directory routers is the interface code directory, from which FreeEIS automatically loads the interface definition hierarchically. Among them, `index.js` is some definition content that each directory level in the `routers` directory needs to have directly to the current interface level, and in more detail later, the empty object is returned first.

```javascript
 my-first-module/routers/index.js
module.exports = {};
```

The `route.js` is the interface definition code file. FreeEIS will load all the `js` files in these directories except `index.js` as interface definition code files, so we can split the interfaces under the same level into multiple code files as needed, and the names can be defined as needed. Here we only have a `route.js` file that returns the `router` object for `ExpressJS`, but there is no interface defined in that object.

```javascript
 my-first-module/routers/route.js

const path = require("path");
const express = require(path.resolve('./') + "/node_modules/express");
const router = express. Router();

module.exports = router;
```

We already have a new module, and to get it started, I need to add it to `modules` in `config.development.js`.

```javascript

export default {
  modules: [
    'my-first-module'
  ],
};

```

At this point, our module is empty and does not have any interfaces. Next, we create the interface and add the interface definition in the `route.js`:

```javascript
 modules/my-first-module/routers/route.js

const path = require("path");
const express = require(path.resolve('./') + "/node_modules/express");
const router = express. Router();

router.get('', (req, res, next) => {
    res.addData(`hello world`);

return next();
})

module.exports = router;
```

At this point, we have an interface in our module, but we don't know how to call it. FreeEIS allows back-end modules not to expose interfaces, so in modules that need to expose interfaces, we need to explicitly tell FreeEIS. Let's modify the module entry file as follows:
```javascript
 my-first-module/index.js

module.exports = {
    config: {
        asRouteService: true, // tells FreeEIS that this module will provide interface routing services
        routeRoot: 'mymodule',// When the module provides interface routing services, we need to tell FreeEIS what the interface root path of this module is.
    },
}
```

Restart the backend service and access `http://localhost:8000/api/mymodule` through your browser, you will get `{'data': "hello world","msg":"OK"}`.

There are a few days to note here:

- FreeEIS automatically loads hierarchical interface definitions from the `routers` directory in the module, so no additional work is required to automatically expose the interfaces defined therein.
 - FreeEIS automatically prepends `/api` to all interfaces as a prefix for backend interfaces, which can be controlled by modifying `baseUrl` in `config/config.default.js`. Another advantage of this prefix is that when we have multiple versions of backend services, or when multiple services cooperate to provide backend support, we can distinguish different sets of interfaces by defining different prefixes.
 - Modules that need to expose interface routing need to explicitly configure the corresponding configuration items, otherwise the interfaces in the module will not be loaded.

### Dynamic data

At this point we have successfully defined a new FreeEIS backend module, exposed a new interface, and returned some data. But in more common cases, the content that the interface needs to return is mutable, which has two cases: one is that some content comes through configuration; The second is that some content comes through databases. We introduce them separately.

#### Module configuration

In our instance module, assuming that the target we need hello is not a fixed `world`, but needs to be determined by the situation, then we can add the corresponding configuration parameters in the module to make this part variable.

Let's add the following configuration definition to the module entry file (this definition can be stripped out and placed in any other file):
```javascript
 my-first-module/index.js

module.exports = {
    config: {
        asRouteService: true,
        routeRoot: 'mymodule',

greetingTo: 'world',
    },
}
```

We reference this configuration parameter in the interface code:

```javascript
 modules/my-first-module/routers/route.js

const path = require("path");
const express = require(path.resolve('./') + "/node_modules/express");
const router = express. Router();

router.get('', (req, res, next) => {
    res.addData(`hello ${router.mdl.config.greetingTo}`);

return next();
})

module.exports = router;
```

Here, we access the configuration parameters defined above via `router.mdl.config.greetingTo`. FreeEIS automatically changes the instance of the current module to `router.mdl`, so we can access all the information defined in the current module entry file.

Restart the backend service and access `http://localhost:8000/api/mymodule` through the browser, you will still get `{"data": "hello world", "msg": "OK"}`, but the `world` here is dynamic content.

#### Database

Alternatively, the data comes from a database. If our module requires database support, then we need to define the required data model first, which is very simple in the FreeEIS backend, just define it like this in the entry file of the module:

```javascript
 my-first-module/index.js

module.exports = {
    config: {
        asRouteService: true,
        routeRoot: 'mymodule',

greetingTo: 'world',
    },
    data: {
        world: {
            Name: { type: 'String', required: true },
            Size: { type: 'String', default: 'large', },
        },
    },
}
```

In the above code, we have added a data model called `world` to the current module, which contains two fields, `Name` and `Size`. In this way, FreeEIS automatically generates the corresponding data model for us. Next, we call this data model from our interface code:

```javascript
 my-first-module/routers/route.js

...
router.get('/', async (req, res, next) => {
    const worldsCount = await res.app.models.world.countDocuments({});
    res.addData(`hello ${worldsCount} worlds`);

return next();
})
...

```
In the above code, we access our newly defined data model through `res.app.models.world` and call the `countDocuments` method to return the number of data bars.

However, restarting the service does not get the desired result, because the support for the database in FreeEIS also exists as a separate module, and FreeEIS provides built-in `MongoDB` database support by default, which needs to be enabled by adding it to the `modules` list of `config/config.development.js`:

```javascript
export default {
  modules: [
    {
        name: 'db',
        path: 'free-be-mongodb',
    },
    'my-first-module'
  ],
};

```

Here, we need to pay attention to the order of the items in the `modules` list, because our `my-first-module` needs to use the capabilities in the `mongoDB` module, so we need to put the `mongodb` module first to load first. Another way to achieve this is to add the `mongoDB` module to the `my-first-module` dependency list:

```javascript
  ...
  config: {
      asRouteService: true,
      routeRoot: 'mymodule',
      dependencies: [
          'db'
      ],

greetingTo: 'world',
  },

...
```

In this way, when FreeEIS loads the module list, even if the `db` module is after the `my-first-module` module, it will load `db` first to ensure that all modules are loaded with the correct dependencies.

The `db` module we use here is `free-be-mongodb`, but in reality, we may use other databases, so we need to introduce another database module, such as `freeeis-mysql`, then the way we introduce this database module should be:
```javascript

export default {
  modules: [
    {
        name: 'db',
        path: 'freeeis-mysql',
    },
    'my-first-module'
  ],
};

```

That's why we allow the use of objects in the module list, because a more generic module like `db` may have multiple implementations, which makes a module like `my-first-module` only need to declare that it depends on the `db` module, and does not need to care which database module the system integrator is using. Of course, this requires that all database modules expose the same interface or method, which is explained in detail when talking about database modules in built-in modules.

### Module consumers override module configuration items

Going back to our interface definition file, change it to:

```javascript
 my-first-module/routers/route.js

...
router.get('/', (req, res, next) => {
    res.addData(`hello ${router.mdl.config.greetingTo}`);

return next();
})

router.get('/count', async (req, res, next) => {
    const worldsCount = await res.app.models.world.countDocuments({});
    res.addData(`hello ${worldsCount} worlds`);

return next();
})

...
```

Here we returned a string with `greetingTo` in the first interface. At this point, assuming that our `my-first-module` has already been developed, the system integrator or other developer who wants to use this module may need more control over the `greetingTo` configuration items we have defined, and he can do this:

```javascript
 config/config.development.js

export default {
  modules: [
    'my-first-module',
    {
        name: 'db',
        path: 'free-be-mongodb',
    },
  ],

'my-first-module': {
    greetingTo: 'FreeEIS'
  },
};

```

At this point, restart the backend service and access `http://localhost:8000/api/mymodule` through the browser, you will get `{"data": "hello FreeEIS","msg": "OK"}`. This gives the system integrator or module user full freedom to control the variable parameters of the module.

### Multi-language support

The FreeEIS backend also supports multiple languages to deal with translation issues when some fixed strings are returned from the backend.

Continuing with the module we created above, assuming we need Chinese and English support for the word `hello`, we need to add the definition of the corresponding translation dictionary to the module entry file:

```javascript
  ...
  config: {
      asRouteService: true,
      routeRoot: 'mymodule',
      dependencies: [
          'db'
      ],

greetingTo: 'world',
  },
  i18n: {
      'en-us': {
          hello: 'hi',
      },
      'zh-cn': {
          hello: 'Hello',
      },
  },

...

```

The `i18n` here can obviously also be spun out for separate storage and introduced here.

At this point, restart the backend service and access `http://localhost:8000/api/mymodule` through the browser, you will get `{"data": "Hello FreeEIS","msg": "OK"}`. The FreeEIS backend will also use Chinese as the default language when it is not sure of the current translation language.

We can control the translation language by modifying `app.ctx.locale` or passing in the `t()` function as a second parameter:

```javascript
 my-first-module/routers/route.js

...
router.get('/', (req, res, next) => {
    res.app.ctx.locale = 'en-us';

res.addData(`${router.mdl.t('hello', 'en-us')} ${router.mdl.config.greetingTo}`);

return next();
})

...
```

But here, only schematically, the more common way is to decide which language to use for translation through the current language passed in on the front end. Like what:

```javascript
 my-first-module/routers/route.js

...
router.get('/', (req, res, next) => {
    const locale = req.query.locale;

res.addData(`${router.mdl.t('hello', locale)} ${router.mdl.config.greetingTo}`);

return next();
})

...
```
When we have more languages to support, just add the corresponding translation dictionary in i18n. For example, let's add another language, as follows:

```javascript
  ...
  i18n: {
      'en-us': {
          hello: 'hi',
      },
      'zh-cn': {
          hello: 'Hello',
      },
      'Martian': {
          hello: '🚀🚀🚀',
      },
  },
  ...
```

We translate `hello` directly in `Mars`:

```javascript
 my-first-module/routers/route.js

...
router.get('/', (req, res, next) => {
    res.addData('${router.mdl.t('hello', 'Mars')} ${router.mdl.config.greetingTo}');

return next();
})

...
```

At this point, restart the backend service and access `http://localhost:8000/api/mymodule` through the browser, you will get `{"data": "FreeEIS", "msg": "🚀🚀🚀 OK"}`.
