
## System integration

System integration developers have different goals than module developers, and they need to integrate the functional modules together as needed so that they can work together.

Functional modules can be introduced in three ways:

- Publicly available modules can be added to package.json via `yarn add`.
 - Private modules can directly place modules in the `modules` directory.
 - Modules developed by remote developers that are placed in a separate code base can be added to the `modules` directory via `git submodule`.

For example, we added three modules:

- Free-be-core-modules, modules that have been publicly released.
 - my-first-module, a module that we developed ourselves directly into the modules directory.
 - my-second-module, a module developed by another developer in a separate repository.

With the introduction of these three modules, the directory structure of our integration project is as follows:

```
--.app
  -- node_modules
    free-be-core-modules, added via `yarn add free-fe-core-modules`. (Added in scaffolding)
  -- modules
    -- my-first-module, which is a local directory where the module code is located.
    my-second-module, which is a remote library added via `git submodule`.
```

### Enable the required modules

The introduced modules will not be loaded and run by default, if you need to load and run them, you need to add them to the modules of config, and the modules added in the three ways mentioned above are all started in the same way. Like this:

```javascript
 config/config.development.js

export default {
  modules: [
    {
        name: 'db',
        path: 'free-be-mongodb',
    },
    'core-modules',
    'my-first-module',
    'my-second-module',
  ],

'my-first-module': {
    greetingTo: 'China'
  },
};

```

Here you may notice that we added a module called `core-modules` because modules with names starting with `free-be-` can omit this prefix when introduced. But we don't recommend that you use such a naming method to name your own modules, as they are reserved for FreeEIS built-in modules.

